So we how our public Cybernet ready to recreate it with both of three.
So for this public subnet to access internet we're going to have to have the attach internet gateway
to the public subnet and also to a testis internet gateway.
We have to have a root table of course after we create a PC.
Amazon is also creating as a table but we're going to use that table for our pro with subnet.
So we're going to keep it unchanged.
We're going to need another and new table for our public subnet so that we can attach our internet gateway
and we can have it accessed from all over the Internet.
So for doing that we're going to create a public route table so that we can allow public access to our
subnet resources our public subnet resources.
So for that purpose I'm going to go to my PC class and let's just close this one.
And within my RE PC class I'm going to type in a Methot create public Ruut table
and let's see what we're going to have to provide to dismember it self underscore client and then create
root table just like that.
And as you can see from the method arguments after dry run of course only we have to provide the BPC
ID.
So let's just do that.
And for the VPC I-T let's pass in a PCI ID.
Here we go and let's just not forget to return this and also a print statement indicating that we're
creating the public route table creating public route table for creepies see of course and that BPC
is going to be as we PC ID.
So let's go back to our main class and from there let's just call this method and also let's just put
a comment there and create a public Ruut table and let's just call the PCT that create public Crute
table and let's pass in the VPC Id just like that.
And also let's just keep the response from public Crute table
public underscore root under call table underscore response.
This is a bit long but it is quite declarative.
So we have a response from our public Croot table creation.
So now our public table is ready and in the next video we're going to add a route to this public route
table for the internet gateway so that anyone coming out of internet can access our AWOS resources.